[Autogenerated] So now we've given the high level
overview of micro services architectures.
We're going to look at some of their challenges in this
case specifically in relation to testing.
Many people see micro services as a silver bullet,
solving many of our previous problems on helping us to
deliver software faster and more reliably.
However,
the reality is that silver bullets in technology are
always a delusion on don't really exist.
There are only trade offs, starting with an example,
Let's say we're working on a payment service.
If you make a change to it,
we can run some automated tests against it and then on a green build,
deploy its A production.
However, with micro service,
there's usually some sort of inter service communication with another service.
Let's say our payment service is depended on by an account service.
This could be via Haiti, T p A P I.
If we mess up our your own mapping or our request than this,
dependency can be broken.
In other words, these services is still couple together.
Free message passing.
In fact, this problem can be compounded because more often than not,
they could be multiple dependencies across micro services.
So again with all these interdependent micro services,
how do we build and release one independently with the
confidence that nothing's been broken?
Because, really, they're still coupled for you.
This matches passing.
Or if we're implementing a new feature,
which will span multiple Marcus services again,
how do we know that they will function together correctly in advance?
This makes you realize that more traditional,
monolithic applications are simply to test because traditional
applications are in a single process that could be tested
locally with no external dependencies.
That means if it works, it probably works.
The next that we may follow is to move to more asynchronous
based approach for into service communication.
This has lots of advantages, mainly around scaling and decoupling of services.
Durability guarantees on the ability for messages to be
buffered in order to know overwhelm consumers.
However, a common misconception far too common,
in fact, is that this decoupling via messaging will solve our original problem.
Whilst it's true that when I produce the publishers of message
only cares about the broker receiving it,
ultimately consumers will still need to be able to consume it,
even if failing to do so does not break the consumer.
So really,
we need some sort of a guarantee that messages we can
produce will be consumed by its consumers. Offer wise will have an asynchronous debugging nightmare.